Bibliography
Monitoring the Future: A Continuing Study of American Youth (12th-Grade
Survey), 2016

This bibliography includes published and unpublished works that are related 
to ICPSR study 36798. It includes works that are based on primary
or secondary analysis of the data, or which describe or critique those
data or the collection methodology. 

If you publish a work or know of other works that are based on these data,
please send the complete citation and name of the ICPSR study used to:
icpsr-biblio-notify@umich.edu 


1. Coley, Rebekah Levine; O'Brien, Michael; Spielvogel, Bryn, "Secular
trends in adolescent depressive symptoms: Growing disparities between
advantaged and disadvantaged schools." Journal of Youth and Adolescence.
Nov 2019, 48, (11), 2087 - 2098. DOI: 10.1007/s10964-019-01084-1

2. Fine, Adam; Simmons, Cortney; Rowan, Zachary, "Do politics Trump race in
determining America's youths' perceptions of law enforcement?." Journal of
Criminal Justice. Jan 2019,. DOI: 10.1016/j.jcrimjus.2019.01.003

3. Mendez, David; Warner, Kenneth E., "E-cigarettes: Comparing the possible
risks of increasing smoking initiation with the potential benefits of
increasing smoking cessation." Nicotine and Tobacco Research. Jan 2019, 21,
(1), 41 - 47. DOI: 10.1093/ntr/nty062

4. Mutak, Augustin, "Psychometric Analysis of the Usability of the Lower
Asymptote Parameter in the Graded Response Model in Detecting Socially
Desirable Responding." Thesis, University of Zagreb, 2018.

5. Tam, Jamie; Warner, Kenneth E., "Students' cigarette smoking and the
perceived nicotine content of their e-cigarettes." American Journal of
Preventive Medicine. Sep 2018, 55, (3), 376 - 383. DOI:
10.1016/j.amepre.2018.04.034

6. Veliz, Philip; Eckner, James T.; Zdroik, Jennifer; Schulenberg, John E.,
"Lifetime prevalence of self-reported concussion among adolescents involved
in competitive sports: A national U.S. study." Journal of Adolescent
Health. In press 2018,. DOI: 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2018.08.023
